◦ What did you like about the project?

	Unlike other semester or final projects, I was always very excited to work on the 
	Text-Based Adventure Game code. I felt it was a much more productive and interesting use of 
	my time that writing essays on topics of no interesting to me. I thought the instructions 
	were clear and most of the time I was able to write good code based off the documentation 
	provided. Mostly, I enjoyed that the project was a fun way to take what we learned and apply
	it in our own creative way.

◦ What was the hardest part of the project?

	The hardest part of the project was time management. Each stage of the project needed to be
	carefully thought out and executed, and I would often get stuck thinking too hard about what
	needed to be done. Equally as hard was getting started in the semester, as the creative
	freedom made it difficult for me to make decisions for the initial design document.

◦ What parts of your original game did not get implemented? Why?

	At the end, I ran out of time to implement the Non-Player Character and Shops features that I
	wanted to include. While I already had enough special features from other things,
	I felt my game would have benefitted from this addition. I am hoping to implement these
	features over the summer myself if I have time.
	
◦ What do you think we should do differently about the project in the future?

	In future classes, it may be a good idea to review syntax in the scope of the pre-existing 
	game code in the first or second lab to make sure the methods are understood, as it took me 
	a while to figure out on my own. For example, in the beginning the project came with 
	pre-existing classes and methods that I attempted to familiarize myself with as soon as it
	was assigned. However, my relative inexperience made it difficult to follow the logical flow 
	of the language and I struggled to comprehend what I was looking at. Over time, I picked up 
	the syntax and understanding I needed, and the difficult parts of the project became more 
	about executing the directions. 
	
◦ What would you do differently if you had to do it all over again?

	I would definitely start my project earlier and work harder during the semester, instead of
	cramming at the end. I admit, around the middle of the semester, I hit a slump and did not 
	do much work on the project, which would have saved me from working so quickly at the end.
	However, I am happy with my final project result.
	
◦ Are you also taking Imaginative Writing this semester? If so, do you think it helped you to design a more interesting game?

	I am not taking Imaginative Writing this semester.
	
◦ What was good / bad / helpful / frustrating about using GitHub?

	In the beginning of the semester, I was very confused by GitHub. There were a lot of buttons
	that I had no idea what to do with, and I was terrified of clicking something and causing
	damage to the work I had done. As the semester progressed, I learned what I needed to and
	stayed away from what I didn't know. I also learned the hard way that it was very important
	to check and make sure GitHub commits my changes when one of my labs did not get properly
	picked up by the program.